[docs] Style directive tutorial (#7161)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/tutorial/13-advanced-styling/03-style-directive/text.md

---

> title: Inline styles and the style directive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: The style directive
```

---

Being able to set css properties dynamically is nice, however this can get unwieldly if you have to write a long string, and mistakes like missing any of the semicolons could make the whole string invalid. Therefore, Svelte provides a nicer way to write inline styles with the style directive.

Change the style attribute of the paragraph to the following:

```html
<p 
	style:color 
	style:--opacity="{bgOpacity}"
>
```

> Style directives share a few qualities with class directives. You can use a shorthand when the name of the property and the variable are the same. So `style:color="{color}"` can be written as just `style:color`. And just like class directives, the directives will take precedence if you set the same property through a style attribute.

Reviewer: my english is not that good, but i think we can break this long paragraph into shorter ones

```suggestion
The style directive shares a few qualities with the class directive. You can use a shorthand when the name of the property and the variable are the same. So `style:color="{color}"` can be written as just `style:color`.

Similar to the class directive, the style directive will take precedence if you try to set the same property through a style attribute.
```
